README.md, before:

# NUGAN-DISTGAN

## Lanczos Algorithm

The Lanczos algorithm is a direct algorithm devised by Cornelius Lanczos that is an adaptation of power methods to find the *m* "most useful" (tending towards extreme highest/lowest) eigenvalues and eigenvectors of an *n x n* Hermitian matrix, where *m* is often but not necessarily much smaller than *n*. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lanczos_algorithm)

Baidu-Research TensorFLow Lanczos [code](https://github.com/baidu-research/tensorflow-allreduce/blob/master/tensorflow/contrib/solvers/python/ops/lanczos.py)

Lanczos Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t7WJybTmFg) 1/2

Lanczos Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO8w5zq1Sfo) 2/2

Krylov subspaces [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji__O4deIZo)

## DIST-GAN

DIST-GAN [repo](https://github.com/tntrung/gan/blob/master/distgan_image/distgan_mnist.py)

## PyTorch

PyTorch [datasets](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datasets.html): MNIST, CIFAR10, etc.

## TensorFLow

Commit message:

Added article link
How to Identify and Diagnose GAN Failure Modes

README.md, after:

# NUGAN-DISTGAN

## Lanczos Algorithm

The Lanczos algorithm is a direct algorithm devised by Cornelius Lanczos that is an adaptation of power methods to find the *m* "most useful" (tending towards extreme highest/lowest) eigenvalues and eigenvectors of an *n x n* Hermitian matrix, where *m* is often but not necessarily much smaller than *n*. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lanczos_algorithm)

Baidu-Research TensorFLow Lanczos [code](https://github.com/baidu-research/tensorflow-allreduce/blob/master/tensorflow/contrib/solvers/python/ops/lanczos.py)

Lanczos Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t7WJybTmFg) 1/2

Lanczos Algorithm [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO8w5zq1Sfo) 2/2

Krylov subspaces [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji__O4deIZo)

## DIST-GAN

DIST-GAN [repo](https://github.com/tntrung/gan/blob/master/distgan_image/distgan_mnist.py)

## PyTorch

PyTorch [datasets](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/datasets.html): MNIST, CIFAR10, etc.

## TensorFlow

## Mode Collapse

How to Identify and Diagnose GAN [Failure Modes](https://machinelearningmastery.com/practical-guide-to-gan-failure-modes/)
